docs: clarify bundle paths in publishing.md (#2692) (#2693)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/distribution/publishing.md

<Command name="build" />

> This command embeds your web assets into a single binary with your Rust code. The binary itself will be located in `src-tauri/target/release/[os name]`, and installers will be located in `src-tauri/target/release/bundle/`.
> 
> For example, for MacOS:
> - The runnable binary will be `src-tauri/target/release/bundle/macos/[app name].app`
> - The installer will be `src-tauri/target/release/bundle/dmg/[app name].dmg`

Author: based on @FabianLars's comment (https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs/issues/2692#issuecomment-2352313477), i'll replace "installers" with "bundles and installers".  if i understood correctly: 
```suggestion
This command embeds your web assets into a single binary with your Rust code. The binary itself will be located in `src-tauri/target/release/[app name]`, and bundles and installers will be located in `src-tauri/target/release/bundle/`.
```
